minor updates on manual (#20258)
nim-lang/Nim: doc/manual.md

It is not checked that the `except` list is really exported from the module.

> This feature allows us to compile against different versions of the module
> even though one version does not export some of these identifiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature allows us to compile against different versions of the module,
even when one version does not export some of these identifiers.
```

Module names in imports
-----------------------

> A module alias can be introduced via the `as` keyword (The original module name
> is then not accessible):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A module alias can be introduced via the `as` keyword (the original module name
is not accessible then):
```

Module names in imports
-----------------------

A module alias can be introduced via the `as` keyword (the original module name

> is not accessible then):

Reviewer: I'm not particularly in favor of this change (and the one below). To me it feels grammatically awkward, as the parenthesized statement ("the original module name is not accessible then") interrupts the connection between the original statement ("A module alias...") and the example.

Author: Change to:

> A module alias can be introduced via the `as` keyword, and the original module name
> is not accessible then:

> A module alias can be introduced via the `as` keyword, and the original module name
> is not accessible then:

Reviewer: I would still prefer the pre-change text, but if you're adamant about putting both statements together, I feel that this is the best that can be done:
```suggestion
A module alias can be introduced via the `as` keyword, replacing the original module's name in the current global scope:
```

Author: Why the change?

1. this sentence (or this piece of information) is strongly coupled with the first paragraph of the section, but not the current one (2nd paragraph).
2. most important information is now delivered fast and efficiently with a single glance.

I do not prefer your suggestion. Why?

1. Use the original wording as much as possible.
2. A thing can't be _replaced_ if it does not exist at all.
3. "current global scope" adds to the burden of understanding: why _current_? why _global_? how about _local_?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A module alias can be introduced via the `as` keyword, after which the original module name
is inaccessible:
```

--------------------------
Nim generates some warnings and hints ("line too long") that may annoy the
user. A mechanism for disabling certain messages is provided: Each hint
and warning message is associated with a symbol. This is the message's

> identifier that can be used to enable or disable the message by putting it
> in brackets following the pragma:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
identifier, which can be used to enable or disable the message by putting it
in brackets following the pragma:
```
